Archived: 2022 Year in Review | ICE
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government
organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
Locked padlock icon
) or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to
the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
secure websites.
Share on Facebook
Share on X
Share on LinkedIn
Email this Page
Print this Page
Archived Content
In an effort to keep ICE.gov current, the archive contains content from a previous administration or is otherwise outdated. This information is archived and not reflective of current practice.
Year in Review
ICE Fiscal Year 2022 Annual Report
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Fiscal Year 2022 Annual Report focuses on the agency’s efforts to help secure the Southwest Border and rebuild a humane and orderly immigration system; combat transnational criminal organizations (TCOs) including disrupting the supply of opioids coming to U.S. communities; showcase the agency’s continued commitment to transparency and highlight the successes of its dedicated, resilient workforce. The report details ICE’s broad mission, which includes counterterrorism, counterproliferation, counternarcotics, immigration law enforcement, and the investigation of crimes ranging from customs fraud to human trafficking and child exploitation. It also showcases how our unique combination of legal authorities and intelligence-driven law enforcement capabilities position us to respond to a tremendous range of increasingly complex national and international threats.
ICE FY 2022 Core Missions
Southwest Border Mission Support
Core Law Enforcement Efforts
International Impact
Combating the Opioid Epidemic
Dedicated, Resilient Workforce
Continued Commitment to Transparency
HSI announced efforts to curb the increased flow of weapons, weapon parts and ammunition smuggling to Haiti and the Caribbean.
ERO’s Operation Secure Streets, which took place Aug. 22 through Sept. 28, targeted unlawfully present noncitizens who have previously been convicted of DUIs with certain aggravating factors or criminal histories, to include assault, cruelty toward children, weapons violations, domestic violence, fraud, homicide by vehicle, hit-and-run and larceny.
In FY 2022, ERO conducted 72,177 removals to more than 150 countries worldwide. During this time, ERO also conducted over 200,000 additional transportation segments, including domestic transfers and Title 42 expulsions, for a total of 249,435 individual movements of noncitizens.
HSI provides advanced training to the Honduras Transnational Criminal Investigative Unit.
The Office of the Principal Legal Advisor is the largest legal component within DHS, with close to 1,400 attorneys and 300 support staff working in 83 locations throughout the United States and at ICE Headquarters.
Management and Administration empowers the ICE mission through a diverse workforce dedicated to a culture of excellence. Its programs provide the essential infrastructure for ICE operations through innovative information technology and business solutions, a dynamic human capital program, and the effective and efficient management of resources through sound financial management policies, standards, and system functions.
Narcotic precursor chemicals seized as part of Operation Pelican Bones.
ERO officers apprehended 119 noncitizens in June 2022 following the conclusion of Operation Cross Check, a national operation focusing on previously removed noncitizens who present a threat to public safety and national security. Of those arrested, 110 have convictions for crimes including, but not limited to, aggravated assault with a gun, robbery, burglary, kidnapping, hit and run, drug trafficking, and child molestation.
Pause
Play
Previous
Next
Pause
Play
Previous
Next
Updated:
07/23/2026
Archive
DHS.gov
NTAS
USA.gov
OIG
FOIA
Metrics
No Fear Act
Site Map
Site Policies & Plug-Ins
Home
Who We Are
Newsroom
Information Library
Contact ICE
Careers
